here so I found this post on Hacker News
about reverse engineering the Facebook
Messenger API and he showed me a lot of
cool [__] specifically how to reverse
engineer apis and I knew some of this
before where you like inspect the
element you look for these stupid hxr
requests so you go here and then you go
to the network Tab and then you look at
this and then you like click a button
and let's do it over here so inspect
okay Network
oh
my God
Network xhr then you click submit for
example and you see these requests
getting popped up and so then you copy
the curl so you go here copy as curl and
then what he did
is he's like oh well I actually like
HTTP the command line thing better which
I guess I I did this too
uh curl syntax is a little Annoying I
don't know anyways you found this thing
that converts curl into HTTP which is
great so I used that and he said a lot
of these headers are just like
completely unneeded and so it turns out
that that is true so I had these two big
requests one for the submission and one
for the check
um get rid of this I think
because I already have that one up oh
that's the curl this is the HTTP okay
uh but this is actually the important
stuff is down here
the reduced so these are the HTTP
commands with all the extra header
headers removed you can see here the API
is pretty simple you get this you get
this cookie you get a refer which refers
you to the problem you get this other uh
cookie it's like a forgery token then
you'd say the language the question ID
and then the code and you just um
you just call this and it does it and
let's see what happens when I call this
is I get back some Json with a
submission ID and now if I go here
and I and I get the status of my
submission you'll see State success
compile error
full compile error
and so presumably I want to store all of
this Json and so AI Lee Code 4 which is
the fourth iteration of this whole thing
is going to be
um taking all of these thousand problems
that I have
um
then in this Loop here all I need to do
is instead of submitting the problem
here where I like like use selenium to
to send the keys which had this stupid
thing where I would send a key and if
you look at this editor if you send a
key here
I'm in Bim mode
if you do this you get an extra curly so
that [__] would like
it doesn't work so here the great thing
is that I can post the the exact body
and I think I should be able to get up
you know a lot higher
the next step is going to be so if we
look at my
leak code
rank I'm at 166 000 I think I can get
way higher than this because I haven't
even tried
I've
that's so funny
I haven't even tried to
um use gpt4 really because it was so
expensive when I first got access but I
think they might have reduced the cost
because I feel like I've been using it
and it's a little bit cheaper
but anyways so then so the part of this
uh
it's important is basically
um
we want to make the prompt
get C we want to rename this thing
you get
uh
uh prob prompt
okay then this is the full prompt with
the starter code
but what I actually want to do
is a lot of this code I think I should
probably do this
they put into a model or something
because what are these do I need
to use this one
I use this one
right
so full saw remove last line that's just
stupid hack
so what I'm going to do now is I'm going
to go over every problem
I don't have that many
what is this Json
right
right and somehow I did get
let's see what let's see if I can
reverse engineer more of this
um
is China IP what the [__] hey yeah hey
yo
foreign
with content
I don't actually know what that is
but this is a great post
dude nothing I'm doing is wrong I'm
literally just like chilling like
okay fine so
is it like a text format like what is it
yeah it's a bunch of Json
oh
content this is like
I think that's the one right isn't that
what I want
contains high Camilla so for my case
contains given an array of integers
bro
so we want to find out which one that is
so let's just try this thing
do I have JQ I might not even have JQ
uh Brew install
JQ
I'm a jake crew model
all you pay key tool what the [__]
they're like what is this
okay fine
what does this mean
through new formula does that mean that
I feel like those aren't installed okay
what about this
list installed through
okay so fine that that is pretty
confusing though
um
okay so now that we have that
we want to do
data har
DOT log entries I feel like that's not
right
contains
given an array of messages
entries okay cool
okay I think it's just that
I'm sorry I don't know how to use this
thing
I feel like that's the response I feel
like I'm only supposed to copy in this
thing
oh okay I see yeah
hi Camilla
that's a matter of finding the
corresponding place in the browser
network tab and then copying that as
curl okay
this is not possible to just search in
all of these things
one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten eleven
twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen
Seventeen eighteen nineteen
twenty two one twenty two twenty three
24 25 26 27
28 29 30 31 32 30. how many are there
it's like the 40th one down
seems like it's after is China IP though
but it's not
60.
oh it was after it am I an idiot dude
what's up
and now it put me back like five minutes
all right I'm gonna eat half the
sandwich
I'm just kidding I'm just kidding I'm
just kidding I'm not gonna eat the
sandwich
all right cool all right I'll see you in
a sec
but
all right cool cool cool so here we go
so this now we copy this is curl
hardy har har
okay so this allows us to get
bro that's beautiful dude and is the
Lang is laying a
oh this is just a question content right
okay so now what we want to do
is get the API for
um
or actually let's go back to C plus plus
is this in our archive
okay so that's 84.
that's the one after I think
it's nothing
that's the query this is the graphql
query synced code Lang beautiful ID and
Lang that makes sense so
synced code how do we find
I feel like I've looked through all of
them
a similar question
oh sick
okay that's easy bro
all right so which ones are needed just
cookie refer
can we uh
so this one
gets from
because
[Music]
what
Dicky Dicky Burger
random uuid
we're gonna see
I feel like what did he say about the
graphql things
okay so let's see if this works
oh we need to do the thing though
post body sent invalid Json
let's just try to do this because I
don't really mind the curl honestly
what the [__]
foreign
that's weird it's a weird syntax
okay all right so this is gonna be easy
so we can get rid of a lot of the Python
just by looping
okay so this gets the prompt text
um
why didn't this one work
it said it said cannot guest post data
format
okay what happens if I do this
foreign
thing
okay I don't care
we got the problems with curl
let's just remove all the extra [__]
title slug two and two dash two dash
some
was the other query question content
title slug
is that the
The Prompt text
say old
I'm gonna remove all the
right there's four there that makes
sense okay this gives the prompt text
okay so let's go boop boop boop
Boop
boop boop wait
[Music]
okay cool
so now I should be able to just
I'm pretty sure I should be able to just
do this
must provide query strain
I feel like this gave me a problem
though
with the the
what did I [__] up though
because
this one works right
let me just try that one more time
though
I'm gonna these are needed this isn't
needed this isn't needed this isn't
needed this
let's see did something happen
okay so something broke
okay I don't really care
this gives me the code Snippets
the reduced one didn't seem to work
okay I'm gonna try to I'm gonna go on a
walk I'm gonna try to finish this up
foreign
to spend like 100 bucks on this video
of API credits like
it's worth it
to do it right
so basically the goal is to have
is to have the breakdown of like success
rate by language
by model so to strata okay I gotta go